[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And I'm here with our
guest, Emery Smith.
Emery, welcome back.
>>EMERY SMITH: Hi, Dave.
Thanks for having me again.
>>DAVID: In a
previous episode, we
were discussing
some kinds of things
that might happen where perhaps
somebody is shifty and nervous,
and they're looking around.
And they come up to
you and they say,
there's something I
really want you to know.
But I don't know if
I should tell you.
And I asked you, did
that ever happen?
And what was your answer?
Let's just review that first.
>>SMITH: There is
something similar to that.
It doesn't usually
happen that way.
It usually happens after
someone's been in a project
for a very, very long time,
longer than you have, even.
And they see that you've
been in there a long time.
So they know that you're
doing something right
because you're still there.
And at the lunch
table, you might
be sharing some information.
You might become
friends, which you're not
allowed to become
friends with anyone, even
inside these compartmentalized
programs or outside.
But it does happen.
And I did have friends.
>>DAVID: Well,
now, wait a minute.
On a typical military
uniform, there's
a name, like in the
Army or the Marines.
Do you have names on
your uniforms in there?
>>SMITH: No, no.
There's no names.
You only have the band.
>>DAVID: So are you allowed to
tell people what your name is,
or is it even--
>>SMITH: Yes.
You're allowed to have casual
conversation, they say.
So people talk about
their families, what
they did over the weekend,
common things you hear
normal people talk
about-- movies and TV
shows and funny
jokes, of course.
A lot of jokes are
said during lunch
that people come
up with that also
reflect on some of the
projects that we work on.
But it doesn't talk about
the project, so it's OK.
>>DAVID: So you could get
to know somebody by name
and remember their
name and talk to them.
Did you also have
outside the cafeteria
any recreational areas
that you would hang out
with these people in?
>>SMITH: Well, not
recreational areas.
But I became friends with
a lot of the commanders
and a lot of scientists that
were in the same projects.
And I did illegally meet with
these scientists and people
for social gatherings,
dinners, and barbecues.
You think because
it's your commander
inviting you to the
barbecue that-- and he's
been in it for 10, 20
years more than you--
that everything's going
to be all right, right?
And that's not the fact.
That is not a fact--
that it's not all right.
And they put these in
place-- these rules--
so these things don't happen and
that the information does not
fall into the wrong hands.
And one of the commanders on one
of the projects I was working
on I became really close with--
a really good friend of mine.
And we'd go mountain
biking together.
We had motorcycles.
Just one of my
buddies, you know?
>>DAVID: Were you allowed
to have a mountain biking
expedition with the
commander off base?
Or is that not--
>>SMITH: No.
You're not allowed to.
Absolutely not.
I remember visiting him and his
wife and my girlfriend and I
many times out to
eat and things.
And we would never really
talk about anything
to do on the base.
We were really good about that.
But during our lunch hours
and during other hours
of trainings in these
underground facilities,
you do talk sometimes.
People slip up and start
talking about things.
And one of the things
he mentioned to me
was this amazing
craft that he was
going to get me involved
with possibly to work on
and to actually
try out the flight
simulator of an alien
reproduction vehicle.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>DAVID: Now, had
you ever gotten
to see any craft
before this point?
>>SMITH: Yes.
I did see a craft before this
point but not to this extent.
And they were not alien
reproduction vehicles.
>>DAVID: Now, what is an
alien reproduction vehicle
for those who don't know?
>>SMITH: When we have craft
that we find or unearth
or shoot down or
collect from space junk
or collect from some
other place in space,
it's brought to
these facilities.
And they basically
try to reverse
engineer these craft
to the best that they
can of their abilities.
>>DAVID: So this
commander buddy of yours--
sounds like you guys
had really gotten close.
You're going mountain
biking with him.
You're having dinner
with his family.
Did you guys get chipped?
Could they have
GPSed you and know
that you were having
dinner with this guy?
>>SMITH: No.
Not that I was aware of.
I actually got caught with
the commander in a location
that I was not authorized to
be in because of my clearance.
And everything went to hell
in a hand bag after that.
>>DAVID: Well, this is a story
you told me many years ago.
So let's unpack
this a little bit.
Where were you with the
commander when he first
told you about this?
And what did he say you
might be able to see?
>>SMITH: There was a actual
extraterrestrial craft that
they had captured and brought
into one of the underground
hangar operating rooms--
the whole vacuumed one.
And inside that, they
were duplicating it
in the same room, trying to
reverse engineer the craft.
So they started with
the inside of the craft.
So it was kind of like
the craft was opened up,
and you could cut it in half.
And it was a diamond-shaped
craft, and it wasn't that big.
It was probably no bigger
than an 18 wheeler.
>>DAVID: So when you
say diamond-shaped,
could you be more precise
about what that means?
What would it actually look
like if you had to draw it?
>>SMITH: Like a
piece of fluorite.
It's an octahedron.
>>DAVID: A pyramid on top,
pyramid on the bottom.
>>SMITH: Correct.
That's right, but laying down.
So the points are
out, not up and down.
So it's laying this way and
balancing itself perfectly.
So they made this.
They were trying to do that.
>>DAVID: And you said it's
about the size of an 18 wheeler?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
It's really small.
>>DAVID: And what was the color?
>>SMITH: It was gold.
It actually had a light
to it-- a very nice light,
like these lights are
on us on our face.
>>DAVID: So it glowed?
>>SMITH: Very subtle.
Very subtle.
And it had a very
metallic surface.
So it would reflect light
if you shined light on it.
>>DAVID: Seamless again?
>>SMITH: Seamless, except for
the edges of the octahedron.
>>DAVID: But you
said it had already
been dissected or something.
>>SMITH: Well, no.
The craft that they
were making next to it
was just-- they were trying
to find out how it works
and how it flies around.
And they were doing
a lot of stuff
with the actual
electromagnetics of it.
So they duplicated
a half version.
They cross sectioned a
man-made half version.
>>DAVID: Like just
half of the octahedron?
You could cut it
down the middle?
>>SMITH: Yes, exactly.
>>DAVID: OK.
How did you get there if
you're not cleared to be there?
If you're not authorized to
be there, how in the world
would you get into that room?
>>SMITH: There is a
stipulation if you're escorted
by someone of high authority.
And a lot of the times,
for emergency reasons,
you have to go to certain
places really quick.
And as long if you're with
someone that has a clearance
higher than you, then
the responsibility
falls under that
person for legal issues
and for everything.
But everyone knows that if
you're not read into a project,
it's very unlikely you would go
see something without knowing
everything about it.
And I was not read
into the project.
I was read into the
project clandestinely
through my friend.
>>DAVID: Walk us
through what happens.
>>SMITH: So we got
down to this floor.
The door slides open.
And we walk down a hallway
around maybe 100 feet or so.
And there's another
normal vacuum door
that we would see
that slides open,
just like you see regular
elevator doors that slide open.
But these are very thick doors--
extremely thick,
about 24 inches thick.
Once these doors open,
there's a platform.
This platform goes another
maybe 30 feet with railings.
And it completely drops down
to an abyss that you cannot see
the bottom of.
And the walls are
completely covered in rock,
just like you would
see in a cavern--
just pure solid rock walls.
And that-- the room I'm about
to go across this catwalk--
is a dome room that
the craft is in.
So you have all these
different bridges
going to this
self-suspended operating,
pressurized, giant room.
>>DAVID: So you had to get
through these 24-inch thick
blast doors just to get to
the catwalk through the cave
before you get to the dome part.
>>SMITH: Yes, exactly.
It's very secured, for sure.
And I don't know why they
have this room suspended away
from walls maybe a hundred feet.
So you have this giant room now.
You're walking into it
with multiple catwalks
from other doors
that go into it.
And then you come there,
and the same thing.
These doors open
up-- the same doors
that you just saw,
another 24 inches.
And now you're in the bay.
And that's where
the two craft were.
>>DAVID: Describe now what you
see and how do you approach it.
>>SMITH: It's a large,
round room with a dome top
that goes very high.
I don't know exactly how high--
at least a few hundred feet.
And the floor is
completely mirrored in
a metallic, mirror-type tile.
And the tilings are
in a hexagonal shape.
And they're very large tiles.
They're maybe six feet--
these hexagon tiles.
I don't know if they're
used for electromagnetic.
There might be
something under there.
I was thinking maybe they used
it to shoot frequencies up
to this thing because both craft
are now touching the ground.
But these things weigh
a couple kilotons.
So obviously, something is
supporting them unnaturally
that we're not used to
having here on Earth--
some sort of anti-gravity.
One of the craft is the
original, of course.
We talked about this.
And then the second one
is just for instructors
to learn how to fly this craft.
>>DAVID: What was
your experience?
Were you afraid to talk and to
say how awesome this looked?
Did you say anything
to the commander?
>>SMITH: Yes, I did say it.
I said, this is amazing.
This is awesome.
Thank you for allowing me
to be part of this project.
I really just thought this is
my first introduction maybe
to this.
And now I'm maybe
going to be part
of this in some way or another.
>>DAVID: I'm really curious
about this flight simulator
system.
Could you go into a
little bit more detail
about what is the
actual experience.
Are you seeing stars?
And do you zoom around Jupiter
and Saturn in the simulator?
What do you actually do?
>>SMITH: Exactly.
It's a complete description of
3D reality of the entire planet
and the oceans.
>>DAVID: Of this planet.
>>SMITH: Of this planet.
It doesn't show anything
going off planet, by the way--
nothing further than
the moon, I mean.
But other than that, they
have complete simulations
of the moon structures,
also inside the moon.
The coolest thing
was the oceans here.
It's things you would
never have seen before.
And whether that's just
written as a program,
I don't believe so.
I think it's an exact replica of
stuff they already know about.
So just imagine plugging
into Google Earth times 1,000
with some virtual reality
glasses and being able to go
anywhere.
>>DAVID: What was
cool about the oceans?
>>SMITH: Well, the oceans--
we only know what the oceans
just from Google Earth
and what we've learned
from the encyclopedias.
Not many people can get into
a sub and explore the oceans.
And we know more
about our own space
than we do our own oceans,
and everyone knows that.
And the seat is actually
part of the craft.
So there's not like a chair.
It's actually molded.
I'll say a mold of a seat.
And in that in front of
that is this huge dashboard.
And this dashboard has
many screens in it.
It has many holographic images.
It has joysticks but
made for your hand.
Your hand slips in them.
So imagine a reverse
glove, I guess,
where you're putting your
hands into this glove area.
And your palms fit nicely
on a smooth ball surface.
And that is what
turns everything on.
So he was beginning to teach
me how to fly the craft.
>>DAVID: So you got to
sit in this cockpit?
>>SMITH: I flew the craft.
>>DAVID: Inside the dome?
>>SMITH: No.
I mean, this was a simulator.
That's why it had
a big screen in it.
They were trying to
reverse engineer the seat
and some of the things
they've seen in there.
And then this was fake.
This was a big screen.
It's a simulator of that craft.
So they were training
clandestine pilots
how to use this craft
with these balls things
that your hands slide into.
And it's a very comfortable
seat, by the way.
>>DAVID: Would this
morph for your body?
Or was it just a nice,
comfortable shape?
>>SMITH: It felt very--
it was very plasticity.
It didn't contour to your body.
It didn't morph to you,
but it did give way.
So your elbows and
everything-- you
had to be sitting in
a certain position.
And it's kind of
reclined a little bit.
And you're sitting back
like this with your hands
in these weird--
which is part of the seat,
by the way-- the gloves.
Don't think of gloves, everyone.
Think of just holes in the
seat that your hands perfectly
fit on these balls
that are in there.
And after going into the
simulator for a number
of hours--
at least three or four hours--
I just remember hearing that
horrible sound of the doors
opening because everything
echoes in there.
You hear everyone's
conversation--
everything.
There's no carpet or anything.
You can hear a pin drop
from 100 feet away.
And it's just this dead,
beautiful silence and just
our voices.
And then when the
doors open, they
have this very
interesting sound.
It sounds like a--
if you ever had a
piece of plastic.
I always refer to
X-rays because you
know how the X-ray paper is?
And you shake it, and it
goes rah rah rah rah rah.
Well, these doors do that.
They just come right open.
And they have this rah rah rah
rah rah rah-- this really weird
vibrational noise
that's just not
common to hear on a
mechanical door, I'll say.
And when I heard
that, I looked at him.
And I said, oh, are there
other people coming?
He says, no.
No one is allowed to
be here right now.
And that's when
the suits came up.
>>DAVID: What do you
mean by suits, exactly?
>>SMITH: I was
figuring on him being
the ultimate commander here
being in charge of anything.
No one's higher than him.
So how are any security going
to say anything about this?
Because I legitimately
thought this was OK.
And it was not.
And these suits are
people in black suits.
This is not a clean
area, by the way.
So you don't have to have
your space suits in here.
This is what we
call a "dirty area."
So you can just be in
your uniform there.
And these suits came in, four--
>>DAVID: Are we
talking suit and tie?
>>SMITH: Yeah, suit and
tie, four or five of them.
They were all taller than
me and bigger than me.
>>DAVID: Are we
talking men in black,
like with the hat
and sunglasses?
>>SMITH: No.
No hats or sunglasses.
Just a normal, big guy,
but very professional.
Not security either,
but they could be.
And I just remember them
grabbing him by the arms
and just pulling him
away of the thing.
And then they told me
to get out of the chair,
and I just got the chair.
And they put my hands
behind me and zip tied me
and blindfolded me.
And that's the last
time I ever saw him.
>>DAVID: Really.
In your whole life?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: OK.
Walk us through this now.
I know this part is very
painful, but tell us.
So you have some kind of
bag put over your head.
You're zip tied.
How long was it before
you got into the room?
What did you experience
along the way?
Was it in a vehicle?
>>SMITH: It was a long walk.
I was in three
different elevators.
It was a very long
walk, and I was
trying to trace my steps to
where they were taking me.
But then they put me on one
of these electric ground cars
that they have.
And they're very small, but
they can hold four people.
But think of it as a
toboggan-type thing
but double the size.
And they were talking
in a different language
that I do not know.
Last thing I remember--
>>DAVID: It didn't
sound like any Earth
language you're familiar with?
>>SMITH: No.
No.
I thought maybe it
was maybe Navajo
or some other Indian language.
It sounded just an off
beat of Navajo language.
I know a little bit of that
from living in New Mexico,
but I didn't understand it.
And they spoke it very fluently.
And they would break in and
out talking in English to me.
>>DAVID: Did these
people look like they
were from Earth otherwise?
>>SMITH: They were genetically
modified humans for sure.
Somehow they were
genetically modified
because they were just
a little bit too large.
They all looked a
little bit too similar.
And they were very professional
and smart and very,
very strong.
>>DAVID: What type of race of
people on Earth would they be?
>>SMITH: They were white.
Their race was white.
They had blue eyes.
They had different colored hair.
They were dressed very nicely.
>>DAVID: And extremely muscular?
>>SMITH: Extremely
muscular and large.
>>DAVID: OK.
So this is intimidating
right off the bat.
>>SMITH: I was
scared, very much so.
>>DAVID: Were they
carrying anything
like a weapon or something on
them when you first saw them?
>>SMITH: No, not at all.
But they were
forcefully handling me.
And I was being very
compliant, but they were still
handling me very forcefully.
>>DAVID: And what happens next?
>>SMITH: They take me out of
this vehicle into a small room.
I ended up did getting my
blindfold taken off at the end.
That's why I can describe
it ahead of time.
But I was blindfolded.
I had my uh--
arms were zip tied behind me.
And they told me to
sit down in a chair.
And there's three chairs and
a table in a 10-foot room.
And I was struck in
the back of the head
numerous times in
the neck and also
in the stomach by some
sort of instrument,
like a baton maybe or something.
And I did go unconscious.
I was bleeding from
the back of my head,
but nothing on my face.
They then sat down and decided
to ask me a lot of questions.
And they were
asking me questions
of how long did I know about the
project, what did he tell me.
I admitted to having
a friendship with him
on the outside with his
family, which they already
kind of knew.
But we never talked
about any of that.
I asked if I could get
some medical attention
because I felt like I was
losing a lot of blood.
And a person was brought in.
And they basically just applied
some direct pressure to me.
And they told me to go home
and that they would contact me.
>>DAVID: Did you have contusions
or a concussion afterwards?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
I had a concussion
and a big hematoma
on the back of my head.
I was petrified to go report it.
I thought maybe that would--
and I think they were testing.
I thought that
was the next test.
And it was because I
didn't say anything.
And that's how I
got my job back--
because I was able
to keep a secret.
And the secret hurt me.
>>DAVID: What is it
like to be in that place
where you feel completely
powerless, you're handcuffed,
you can't see anything,
and you're just
getting savagely beaten?
What was going
through your mind?
Did you think they
were going to kill you?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I just
thought this was it.
I wasn't even saying
anything because I
knew what the contract is.
And you don't mess
up the contract.
And even though I was misled,
I didn't know that it was a--
because it's a very
touchy situation.
It was such a touchy
situation, because did
Smith do this intentionally?
Was he intentionally trying
to do harm to the facility?
Obviously, he was
escorted to places
that he didn't have
clearances through someone
that had a higher
clearance, which
is allowed at certain times.
But not at this time.
This was not--
I guess this did not
correlate with whoever
is really running this.
He did not probably report--
maybe he did have to
report to someone.
He has never told me.
I didn't see it this way.
This was definitely
civilian compartmentalized
with military leaders
that were in there.
Did I do something wrong?
All I know is I did
something wrong.
I figured, well, obviously, I'm
here in a really bad situation
right now.
I'm going to be killed
probably, and that's it.
So I was accepting that.
I mean, I was broken
down enough until they
took the blindfolds off.
And I just remember
looking up at them.
And they just said never
to repeat this again.
And if you say anything
or do anything,
you know what happens.
And I just knew at that point,
well, I'm not going to die.
Why would he be talking to me?
Why would he looking up at me
as I'm looking up say this to me
and giving me, obviously,
another chance?
So I was sent home.
They said, we will contact you.
Do not come to work tomorrow.
And I did not want to go
home because that must
mean I won't be coming back.
That's what I thought.
But then I thought, well--
>>DAVID: How did
you get home if you
were in an unfamiliar
part of the base?
>>SMITH: Oh, no.
They escorted me out.
I was already back to my area.
That's what all that driving
and going up and down--
they did take a DNA
sample from me--
a cheek swab.
And they took blood
from me, which
is normal when things go weird.
I've heard this before--
that they do this to anyone
that's caught in other areas.
And I was restricted from
ever trying to contact him
or his family ever again
"for the duration of my life
on Earth," quote unquote.
>>DAVID: Wow.
So then you went
home the normal way
that you would have
from your work.
>>SMITH: Yes, with no delay.
Nothing.
I literally was so freaked out.
I really thought
I lost everything.
I thought I lost my career
and my job with them.
I've heard so many horrific
stories of this happening
to other people.
I thought it would
never happen to me
because I played by the rules.
And this rule they didn't like.
They didn't like
what had happened.
And the last thing they were
saying was just to go home.
We'll contact you.
So I thought I was out of a job.
I thought I'd lost
all my clearances.
I thought everything
was just going
to go down the tubes for me.
I thought even my career
with the military--
I thought this would
affect it somehow.
And that's when I did go home.
And I still went to work the
next day for my military job.
And then a day--
>>DAVID: The cover job.
>>SMITH: The cover job.
And then a day after, I got
curious and went on my mountain
bike and wanted to do a
little investigation of my own
to go around the mountain
up there by this place where
we talked about how the
commander had alluded
to some amazing things
going on up there.
If anyone looks on Google
on Kirtland Air Force Base
or if you're flying
over to land at ABQ,
everyone knows about the
mountains hollowed out there.
And there's these giant
doors in the mountain where
they used to keep all
the nuclear warheads back
in the early days.
And now they're used for
storing other things.
And he did mention this--
the commander-- to me
during one of our excursions.
And I knew that there was
something going on up there,
but I didn't really
have the clearance
to be in or near that facility.
However, since I'm
active duty member,
there is a bike trail
that goes all the way
around that facility.
There's also four
or five fences,
guard dogs, and MPs at
all the entrances going
into the area of the mountains.
And those service roads is
what I use to mountain bike
a couple of times a week.
But I was young and curious.
And I thought maybe
if I go up there
I might be able to catch
a glimpse of something
and see what's going
on coming in and out.
Also, using special
goggles and stuff,
you can see different
energy fluctuations
that I was issued at that time.
Anyway, so I went around.
And I was mountain biking
around this facility
and probably looking
at the facility more
than looking at my
bike trail, I presume.
And three-quarters of the way
around, I became deathly ill.
I felt like I was getting
nuked from the inside out.
And I still had
another eight miles
to go back to my barracks.
And I did make it back.
And when I made it back,
I curled up into a ball
and I prayed to
God to just kill me
because it was the most
excruciating pain I've ever
had.
>>DAVID: So what do you
think happened to you
based on what you know now?
>>SMITH: I think that
was a scalar weapon.
It felt like your entire insides
are on fire and you cannot do
anything to make
the pain go away.
You go into the fetus position.
And it feels like someone
is just getting your insides
and just twisting them up
and lighting them on fire.
And it was just so horrific
that I went unconscious
and possibly could have
maybe died at that point.
>>DAVID: So just
so we're clear, do
you think there's
some sort of emitter,
like a beam weapon, that
they pointed at you while you
were riding your bike?
>>SMITH: Sure.
Later on, I found out they do
have scalar technology that's
all pinpointed.
They could do it right through
the Earth here and hit someone
in China-- just that person--
and neutralize them.
Spontaneous human
combustion-- no.
It's not that.
It's these types of
weapons that they use.
So these things do happen.
>>DAVID: So did you
wipe out on your bicycle
when they hit you with this?
>>SMITH: No.
I just slowly started getting
worse, worse, worse and worse
and worse and worse as I'm
coming down the mountain.
And I made it.
I should have just went to
the hospital or something,
but I kind of knew where I was.
And I've heard of these stories.
They were just myths amongst
the people that worked there.
But I didn't really know know.
Now I know.
>>DAVID: Now, you
told me before that
as a result of getting
zapped with this
that you had a post-traumatic
stress disorder that developed.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>DAVID: Could you explain a
little bit about what that is?
What happened?
>>SMITH: Well, any time I
get any type of weird feeling
from energies or something,
it could trigger me.
Certain situations in life--
that might trigger me.
You just go into an
anxiety panic mode.
You might not remember what had
happened the last hour or so.
You can even blackout sometimes.
I've actually just shut down and
woke up in the bed going, wow.
That was pretty intense.
>>DAVID: So you're
lying in bed now.
You've had head wounds recently.
You said you had a hematoma.
You had a concussion.
Now you've had this outrageous
directed energy weapon attack.
At this point, did you
know if you were ever
going to be able to work again?
What was going
through your mind?
>>SMITH: It wasn't until
the day after when I woke up
from being unconscious
just in my barracks
from this beam weapon
that I had a message.
And it was to report
to duty at this time.
And I did.
Once again, I did meet
with three people.
But these were not
those guys in the suits.
These were the people
I always work with.
And they just said, don't
let that happen again.
And I said, I won't.
And that was it.
I got my job back.
>>DAVID: How did this event
change you in terms of how--
because you said you were very
enthusiastic about your job.
You felt like you were
in an amusement park
almost-- an alien
amusement park.
How did this change that?
>>SMITH: There was some sort
of continuity breakdown,
I thought.
And I just didn't
believe in them any more.
I didn't believe
in the structure.
Who the heck is behind this?
Who is pulling the cords?
Who is really running
this show down here?
Who were those guys
in the black suits?
I started getting
mad, like going mad.
I was trying to figure
it out for myself,
and now I can't even
talk to anybody about it.
I can't even-- to my own
coworkers I can't say anything.
>>DAVID: I know you
can't get too specific.
But where would this commander
be in the US military hierarchy
let's say in relationship to
the Joint Chiefs of Staff, who
report to the President
of the United States
and are the heads of each
branch of the military.
Where would he be in
that relationship?
>>SMITH: It's all
based on clearance.
You can be a captain and
have the same clearance
as a general or a colonel.
You can be a sergeant and
have the same clearance
as a captain or a colonel.
Remember, it's the
duties that you perform
and what is needed
to get the job done.
It's not about the--
they don't use the
military system of rank
for these positions.
They use the knowledge
base and educational base
of the people that are put in
place to run these projects.
>>DAVID: So as far
as you knew then,
it's not like this
commander might
be a member of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff
or some big head
wig in the military.
But within your
classified ecosystem,
he was almost as high as it
could get for your information.
>>SMITH: He was the highest.
>>DAVID: He was the highest?
>>SMITH: The highest
that I knew in my area.
And I didn't think there
was anyone higher that
had more clearances to
go anywhere in that base.
>>DAVID: Wow.
And he never gave
you the impression
that there was
anybody like that?
>>SMITH: No.
>>DAVID: Wow.
Well, this is quite a story.
Tragic, but also I think very
revealing of the sacrifices
that you have had to make to
get to where you are today
to tell us this information.
How do you feel to finally
have this story be shared
with the world at this point?
>>SMITH: I just want everyone
to know what's really going on.
And I want it off my
shoulders so other people can
come forward and
share and for them
to feel-- because I know
they're in pain, too.
It's a hard thing to grasp and
to understand unless you've
actually been there.
And I know there's a lot more
Emerys out there like myself.
And they just need
a little maybe
help from an interview
like this to get
them to come out and join us to
let the people know they have
the right to know about all
these amazing things that
are going on down there
that can help humanity.
And at the same
time, where is all
of that money going
for taxes that we pay
and things like this?
There's a lot of corruption.
Even though these things
sound cool to some people,
like sci-fi movies, it's not.
It should be something
that is frowned upon.
And the goodness should come
out of it, not the bad parts.
>>DAVID: Well, I want to thank
you for stepping forward.
And I hope that we do get
more of those insiders.
And I want to thank
you for watching.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host,
David Wilcock, here
with our guest, Emery Smith.
[THEME MUSIC]